Now that we had a closer look at some of the important components elements and features they only two
ships with.
There's one thing I really want to highlight with all those built in components it can be easily overlooked
that we're still building an angle or two application here.
And that of course means we can also add our own components.
So let's do this now.
For this I'm going to create a new folder in the source folder and all named components since I shouldn't
put my own components in the pages folder since we won't create a new page.
We only want to create a component which takes up the a part of a page and it's not used as a full page
in our navigation stack.
And then there I will create my touch event component name a touch event or component or TS.
Though you could argue to not use dot components since it's placed in the components folder anyways.
Kind of the same logic.
As for the pages so choose whichever naming style you prefer in here all export the class which of course
name touch event component and this will be a normal angler to compile it just like a page.
But I will use it differently.
So here let's add the component decorator.
Of course the component decorator then needs to be imported from an angular core so from at a new core
like this.
And then we should add a template and a selector So the selector could be anything you like and I will
simply give it as a selector of AB touch event to make sure that I add as unique prefix here and then
a template.
Now the template could be an X from template or inline template.
I'll use an external to him inline template here excuse me and I will simply copy all my gesture code
here.
The free this year.
I will cut it and copy it into my touch U-bend component template just like this and change to styling.
So now I have them inside of that extra component.
I will therefore also to remove the methods from my home Dotty's file and place it into this newly created
component so that this component now in itself works again.
Now of course I need to register it here in the declarations aere the touch event component and also
make sure to add the import here pointing to the full path.
But I don't need to add a to entry components because I won't load this component through Iyonix to
use navigation stack of pages.
Instead I will use it and load it in a very traditional way by placing it in the template of my home
page here.
App touch event was a touchy Vence no touchy and that's this electorate shows the touchy one component
and I'm including it here as we do in a normal angle or two.
Because again this is what we're building here.
All those I add elements are just ionic to components and therefore they are English are two components
in the end.
So I'm using a normal component in a normal English to application important.
I added the two declarations since I use it by selector here.
I don't need to add a two entry components because you will be able to figure out that we're using this
component on its own.
Since we're using a selector and with that if I go back to the application it looks and works the same
as before but now with my own component in place and I just found this super important to highlight.
You can and you should still use your own components.
Not every component has to be a page.
If you only want to replace part of your screen off your page components with your own component that's
perfectly fine.
And actually for more complex pages or parts which you reuse across multiple pages or components you
should definitely do that as you would do it in any angle or to application